there is anything I to get you aa CRIF
when was the last time I needed
something that is sent for you myself
and what is going on today
dad I'll just being thoughtful you are
being thoughtful CRIF your toes fulness
is not needed here but the bathroom
needs your thoughtfulness
why have you taught to go clean it
alright then I'll take care of that
clean the bathroom you know schools
about to start a couple of weeks right I
know school is about to start
I've been watching you going back and
forth in this house wasting your time
wasting energy be useless now one time
this summer have you opened a book and
say oh let me read let me do some
mathematics nothing
you have been useless like that
dishwasher in the kitchen just occupying
space so trust me I'm happy schools
about to start so what is the point
um well that I made a list for what of
things I'm gonna need for school Wow I
see the conversation we had last time
about being at a freaking weight let me
see the list Oh deej nowadays if I'm not
wearing my space I can't see anything
Jordans what what is that Dad Michael
Jordan he used to play basketball so you
are going to school to play hmm no
number two yahzee Gooch what is yeah see
boots no dad it's easy easy boots that's
what I said
yeah that Kanye West makes corn in West
oh no no see and then shows me that guy
all the time every day he's not smiling
he dressed anyhow that guy hmm no true
religion you want the Bible it's not a
Bible as jeans is on the list
oh I didn't see that true religion jeans
why is God my manufacturing including
know why SL what is that dad it's a
shirt why what does that stand for I
don't know what it means but everybody's
wearing you
no but you wanted no la vies hmm
Vallance Taraka dad I don't even know
how to pronounce it but Jack this one is
a must hat
no Apple watch I got you the iPhone now
you also want the iPhone for your wrist
why no this one this one is fun Falacci
for sake sunglasses hmm laughs you CRIF
tell me why is it notebook textbook pen
paper calculator ruler etc things like
that that you really need for school why
aren't they on your list are you going
to school or are you going to a fashion
show hey Dad I want to look fresh for
the first day of school fresh why are
you produce that I understand of course
you won't understand cuz Chris you are a
food lettuce carrots tomatoes things
like that need to be fresh those are
produce are you a vegetable dad I want
to look cool then you will be warm come
on dad please don't let me go to school
with the same outfit that I wore last
year come on give me something new
please dad is that's the problem you
don't want to go to school with the same
old clothes you want I see it you want
to both new clothes no problem I'm going
to take it upon myself to make sure I
don't chain you I will buy you the exact
clothes that you need to show school
that you you are serious don't worry
okay let's go clean the bathroom and I
will take care of it
thank you Dad thank you should I give
you this crypt don't worry go oh thank
you
that is the first day of school
please don't let me go looking like this
look how fresh you look look how cool
you look do you know why your professors
wear ties and suits to come teach you is
because they take their jobs very
serious the same way you need to take
the job your one job in this world which
is who very serious any look serious
I'm looking am going to church yes walk
with God
Chris do you know why we get dressed up
every Sunday and go to check because
check is that serious please the same
way school is a serious place that's why
you are dressed like this so you can't a
school very serious yeah it looks like
I'm about to get married
oh yes you are getting married and the
marriage is going to happen in school
you are going to marry your books
impregnates your landing and give bets
to success all we want in this house is
always Chris I'm not going to go back
and forth with you do you need a ride to
school or are you going to find your way
no dad I'm gonna walk to school with
Jamal thank you
hey what's up Jamal damn cliff what you
got on nah I can't roll to school with
you like that
check me out on my Burberry on you look
like you should be in a casket going to
burial cliff cuz that I forgot me dead
come on right that's not funny I can't
go to school with you like that I'll see
you there are you serious man I bro I
really don't like that boy Jamal what
all right I see you